Boy, don't talk nonsense
Do you know the cause of flower old age?
It's right here.
I already know
Chen Hao, are you sure you can cure Old Hua's disease?
I'm sure of the financial resources, I believe in Chen Hao
He's not the type to talk big.
Trust him sooner or later
I believed him.
Chen Hao, my grandfather will ask you
Who wouldn't say such a big talk, kid?
If you have any art, dare to say acupuncture to Teacher Hua
acupuncture
Hahaha, traditional Chinese medicine.
Something that cheats money by pretending to be a ghost
I'm too embarrassed to say that I cure patients and save people.
I heard that in China
Traditional Chinese medicine is like a divine stick who dances the great sage
It means the same thing.
Professor Weir is right
This kind of thing should have been eliminated long ago
But there are always some bad liars
Specifically use him to deceive those who don't navigate
Make money
Which saint and which concern of traditional Chinese and Western medicine is still unknown?
Mr. Zheng, please be careful
Miss Ye is right
There is no need for such a liar to have strength, right?
If this gentleman is so confident
Do you dare to bet with me?
Let's bet!
So if I can't cure the eight old men
I'll pay for it myself
But if I'm cured
Mr. Zheng also has half of the family property that can be given to Mr. Hua
Okay, that's what you said.
When I have someone cut off your hands later
Miss Ye can't save you either
Then please ask this gentleman
You go first